 I agree with the statement that there should be no government restriction on creative artists who express themselves in the way they do and that they must be given freedom for the same. Expression has always been the keynote in a person’s life. It is the result of mere expression of our thoughts that we are able to communicate. Restrictions on how we present our thoughts is senseless.

 Creative artists play a major role in our society, be it the government, old peolple, the youth or the children. Their works enlighten our minds, no matter if is sactual or entertainment based. It is diserving that after a days’ work when we want to take some time off for ourselves, we look out for some leisure. For instance: either pleasant music or a family movie which soothes the mind. Entertainment give us an overview of a new side of life which every individual respects. There is almost everything good in what is given to us through the media world which is made up of artists.

 On the contrary sometimes these artists tend to be unscrupuous. They convert rumours into facts and present them before us. This might impair the reputation of some illustrious people in today’s society. On such occasions, certain restrictions are understandable. Nevertheless we all do know what is right or wrong. Rules and regulations not always are the solution to how artists present their own ideas. Hence it is doltish to be impetuous and the government should enforce alternative ways to control the media.

 Respect for ones ideas is not only hypothetical but must be practised. It is through respect that each one of us can be recognised as a unique person in the world. This can be achieved by looking at the bright side of what media i.e. the creative artists display for us. Not a day can go by when we don’t look out for colourful dreams and a beautiful life which we can find either through music, poetry, films, pictures; everything that the creative artist offer us.

